Update defaults and description for post release cooldown (#137)
aptible/terraform-provider-aptible: docs/resources/app.md

 scale-up before another scaling action can be considered.
- `post_scale_down_cooldown_seconds` - (Default: 300) The waiting period in seconds after an automated
 scale-down before another scaling action can be considered.

> - `post_release_cooldown_seconds` - (Default: 60) The time in seconds to ignore following a deploy to allow for service stabilization.

Reviewer: I'm not sure *how* much better this is. Just hoping to clarify what it's being ignored from.

```suggestion
- `post_release_cooldown_seconds` - (Default: 60) The time in seconds following a deploy that should be ignored for scaling metrics to allow for service stabilization.
```

Author: I meant to copy more from the cli but missed a couple words that was closer to what you're saying here. I updated to use the cli wording but I could update both if it's not clear still
